The persecution spread throughout Malawi soon after the announcement was made that the witnesses were banned in the country.
The truth is that people who call themselves Jehovah's Witness are not Jehovah's Witnesses.
They are the devils witness.
Their houses were banned and their maids crops were confiscated because they refused to participate in the country's politics.
The regular visits that brother Johansson was doing as a branch representative at that time really encouraged the brothers from various parts of the country who were affected by the persecution.
His wife Linda suggested that he should ask someone to accompany him so that he did not have to do the work alone.
And she suggested that I accompany him.
This was because of the fear of what might happen.
When we got to the ferry crossing, the soldiers told brother Johansson to get out and stand in front of the jeep.
They said to me, you can pass but we first have to shoot the white man.
Because the scriptures say, no one is greater loved than this, that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends.
I said, shoot me instead. What did this man do?
Yes, it happened without giving it a second thought. It just happened spontaneously. I stood between him and the soldiers.
Fear, not very much. Because the people that we thought were going to Hammers had a complete change of heart.
On the way back brother Johansson also saved my life.
We were stopped by a youth mob at a roadblock. They asked for the political cards. They would have killed me.
So brother Johansson just spared off with his vehicle.
Yes, it was very exciting to see that Jehovah God has many ways of saving his people.
Alicia said, for they are more who are with us than those who are with them.
In the end, Jehovah will rescue his people.
So, in countries where our brothers have been, I encourage them to stand firm trusting in God the God who never fails.